Replace DiagnosticAbstration with Microsoft.Extensions.Logging.Abstractions (#1509)
sshnet/SSH.NET: docfx/logging.md

Logging
=================

> SSH.NET uses the `Microsoft.Extensions.Logging` API to log diagnostic messages. In order to access the log messages of SSH.NET in your own application for diagnosis, simply register your own `ILoggerFactory` before using the SSH.NET APIs with the following code:
> 
> ```cs
> SshNetLoggingConfiguration.InitializeLogging(loggerFactory);
> ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
SSH.NET uses the `Microsoft.Extensions.Logging` API to log diagnostic messages. In order to access the log messages of SSH.NET in your own application for diagnosis, register your own `ILoggerFactory` before using the SSH.NET APIs, for example:

```cs
ILoggerFactory loggerFactory = LoggerFactory.Create(builder =>
{
    builder.SetMinimumLevel(LogLevel.Debug);
    builder.AddConsole();
});

Renci.SshNet.SshNetLoggingConfiguration.InitializeLogging(loggerFactory);
```
